# 6/8 Today I learned...

# Artificial Intelligence

When computers find answer, we humans give the program some quality data to learn from.

When we give some sample 2 pieces of information for computer program to find an answer,

The computer will come up with an answer calculated with the two pieces of information.

The difference between the answer the computer program came up with and the real answer is called 

### Cost function.

So basically what humans are supposed to do so that computer program find the real answer that is as close as the real answer

or the Cost function to be minimized,

We need to give some QUALITY DATA to the program.

Also with the QUALITY DATA, we should use APPROPRIATE MODEL to derive the real answer from.


# Applied to when I learn computer programming...

I guess this can apply when humans acquiring skills.

They need quality data, and an appropriate model.

### Data
- I need to read good books, good quality videos to learn programming. 

### Model 
- What can be a good example of model when it comes to humans acquiring skills?

# What should I learn?

1. supervised learning 
  - classification
    - kNN
    - Naive Bayes
    - Support Vector
    - Machine Decision
  - regression
    - Linear Regression
    - Locally Weighted Linear
    - Ridge
    - Lasso
    
2. unsupervised learning
    - Clustering
    - K Means
    - Density Estimation
    - Exception Maximization
    - Pazen Window
    - DBSCAN

3. reinforcement learning
    - DQN
    - A3Q
